Make sure you have 3 examples for each leadership principle  since you get the same question over again by different people and it is frowned upon to say the same thing.
All answers should follow the STAR method and you need to tell the story with emphasizing the results instead of just reading them off.

Customer Obsession

Ownership

Deep Dive

Invent and Simply

Frugality

Bias for Action

Earn Trust

Be Right a lot

Disagree and Commit

Learn and be Curios

Deliver Results

Think Big

Insist on High Standards

Develop and hire the best

1	Why Amazon? now?--

2	What is the most technical project you worked on? What were the risks?  Impact?--

3	Who are you?--

4	What feedback have you received from past managers?--

5	What was your most creative idea?--

6	Give an example of a project that had a change in scope and how did you handle it?--

7	Give an example of when a project failed? ??

8	How did you vent your ideas and convince leadership?  ??

9	Name a new metric you discovered?  ??

10	Walk me through your background? Job History??

11	Give an example when you didn't agree with your manager?  More Examples

12	What are the KPIs for your company?

13	How would someone who has worked with you describe you?

14	What was your proudest moment in your career? What part did you play in making that happen?

15	What was a revolutionary idea that you implemented? ??

16	If you didn't have goals or KPIs for your example, in hingsight what would you measure and why? ??

17	If you were changing the AmazonFresh experience what are some are your ideas and how would you measure them?

18	What metrics do you use to drive change? ??

19	When was a time that you take ownership outside of your role? UAT

20	What is an area that is an opportunity for you to improve upon? a new programming language

21	Tell me when you made a judgment call since you didn't have any data (make sure you have 3 examples ready) ??

22	Tell me about a feature or customer experience that had multiple CX issues?

23	Tell me about a time you disagreed with your manager - I got this question 3 times ??

24	A time when you simplified something for your customers PPR Error Codes

25	What is the coolest thing you’ve learned on your own that helped you better do your job  -Splunk Queries to check the flow of applciations

26	What is the best invention or idea you had in the past two years? -PPR

28	Have you ever missed creating appropriate documentation for your deliverables?

29	When you sacrificed short term goals for long term success

30	When you took the lead on a difficult project

31	Are you good at working with data? An example?

32	When you had to quickly adjust your work priorities to meet changing demands ??

33	A time when you had to deal with an ambiguous situation, such as when you didn’t have all the data ? -Black List Testing

34	When you convinced someone of something? ??

35	Provide a time when consulting with other personnel helped you identify or solve a problem in a program.

36	Tell me about a team project you worked on

37	We all make mistakes we wish we could take back. Tell me about a time you wish you’d handled a situation differently with a colleague ? Imteyaz

38	A time when you had to deal with a difficult coworker

39	When you had a disagreement with your manager ??

40	Tell me about some of your most recent computer programming projects.

41	Give me an example of a time when you set a goal and were able to meet or achieve it

42	Why do you want to work for this company?

43	Which leadership principle of Amazon’s do you connect with most

44	When given an unfamiliar task, how do you ensure you handle it properly?

45	How do you keep yourself / your team / your colleagues motivated? Rewards/Recognition ? Why am I doing what am i doing?

46	Can you tell me about a time when you had to make a decision when all of the data you needed was unavailable?

47	What do you like most about Amazon? What do you like least

48	How can you translate your skills towards Amazon? You

49	What kind of roles have you done that were leadership roles? You? UAT?

50	What frustrates you ? People not making their opinions apparent

51	Tell me about a time you attempted to refine a process and failed

52	Give an example of a time when you found a simple solution to a seemingly difficult problem

53	How has your past experiences included lean management, six sigma, kaize

54	Tell me about a time where you sought out perspectives other than your own to make a product/service/project better?

55	Tell me about a time when you had to analyze facts quickly, define key issues, and respond immediately to a situation. What was the outcome?

56	Give me an example of a time you used customer feedback to drive improvement or innovation. What was the situation and what action did you take?

57	Tell me about a goal that you set that took a long time to achieve or that you are still working towards. How do you keep focused on the goal given the other priorities you have?

58	Tell me about a time when you linked two or more problems together and identified an underlying issue? Were you able to find a solution?

59	What three things you are you working on to improve your overall effectiveness?

60	Give me an example of when you took an unpopular stance in a meeting with peers and your leader and you were the outlier. What was it, why did you feel strongly about it, and what did you do?

61	Tell me about a time you wouldn’t compromise on achieving a great outcome when others felt something was good enough. What was the situation?

62	Tell me about a time you made a hard decision to sacrifice short term gain for a longer term goal.

63	How do you drive adoption for your vision/ideas? How do you know how well your idea or vision has been adopted by other teams or partners? Give a specific example highlighting one of your ideas.

64	Tell me about a time when you realized you needed to have a deeper level of subject matter expertise to do your job well?